---

title: "Events Participated In"
date: 2024-01-01
weight: 4
chapter: false
pre: " <b> 4. </b> "
--------------------

During my internship, I had the opportunity to participate in several professional events organized by the company. Each event provided practical knowledge, broadened my understanding of technology, enhanced my technical expertise, and improved my communication and workplace collaboration skills. In addition, these events offered valuable opportunities to interact with industry experts and colleagues, making my internship experience both meaningful and memorable.

### [Event 1](4.1-Event1/)

 **Event Name:** GenAI-powered App-DB Modernization Workshop

 **Date and Time:** 9:00 AM, May 9, 2026

 **Location:** 26th Floor, Bitexco Financial Tower, No. 02 Hai Trieu Street, Sai Gon Ward, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.

 **Role:** Participant.

 **Main Activities and Content:** I attended the workshop featuring the topic *Automated Prompt Engineering: Enhancing LLM Output Quality*. During the event, AWS experts shared their knowledge on Prompt Engineering, Automated Prompt Engineering, Local AWS Testing, LocalStack, Floci, and the application of Generative AI in software development on the AWS platform. I also learned about real-world use cases, had the opportunity to interact with the speakers, and expanded my knowledge of cloud computing and artificial intelligence.

 **Outcomes and Key Takeaways:** Through this event, I gained a deeper understanding of how to design effective prompts to improve the quality of outputs generated by Large Language Models (LLMs). I learned how AI can be applied to assist software development, optimize development workflows, and support application testing on AWS. Furthermore, I acquired valuable practical insights from AWS experts, strengthened my self-learning and problem-solving skills, and became more motivated to continue exploring AI technologies for both academic and professional purposes.
